Den Gräilen
trøligen päverkäd äv
Mønti Pythøn ik den Hølie Gräilen
visst, visst
HELT inspireräd äv
Mønti Pythøn ik den Hølie Gräilen
gänska køpierät frän
nu rnkäd PG
byggnäd søm tillhändähälls äv
huvudrøllen
visäs øcksä
visäs visäs øcksä
dessä människør vär øcksä här
Wi nøt trei a høliday in Sweden this yër ?
See the løveli lakes
The wøndërful telephøne system
And mäni interesting furry animals
Including the majestik møøse
A Møøse once bit my sister...
No realli! She was Karving her initials øn the møøse with the sharpened end
of an interspace tøøthbrush given her by Svenge - her brother-in-law -an Oslo
dentist and star of many Norwegian møvies: "The Høt Hands of an Oslo
Dentist", "Fillings of Passion", "The Huge Mølars of Horst Nordfink"...
Mynd you, møøse bites Kan be pretty nasti...